Swift Configuration Generator For WinUAE
----------------------------------------

1. Introduction

WinUAE is the most comprehensive emulator in my experience with a myriad
of options to tweak from and while this is amazing, it can be overwhelming
for new users or simply those who don't want to bother with such tweaks
with the result of losing out in their emulation experience albeit WinUAE
does make it's efforts to offer a 'Quickstart' interface of it's own with a
selection of the most typical Amiga models so the idea was born to take this
concept a couple of steps further while keeping WinUAE's own intact &
addressing a few issues in the process. i.e Emulation window sizing.

SCG4WinUAE aims to be a simplest & most intuitive interface for generating
optimized & easy-to-edit configurations for WinUAE.

It can be used as a launcher but it's not aimed to be a replacement for
WinUAE & I would urge anyone to learn more how to use the latter, in fact
one should refer to WinUAE for options beyond the scope of this program.

----------------------------------------

2. Requirements

- A powerful enough Windows based Computer setup for emulation.

- WinUAE.

----------------------------------------

2. Features

- This program can be run from any location in your system.

- WinUAE location autoscan, which includes Configuration,
  Kickstart ROM & Media folder location detection if these are
  not then customized from the 'Edit' menu.*

- Windowed mode size is calculated to the desktop size.

- Fullscreen is scaled according to resolution.

- Chipset selection for every Amiga model based on Kickstart ROM.

- Kickstart ROM detection based on filename.**

- Optimized configuration for all Amiga systems (More or less).

- JIT compiler switch to speed up 680020+ systems.

- XBR shader backed display for sharpness or pixel smoothing.

- Mutiple Disk Image selection for Floppy, Hard or Compact Disks***

- Multiple Joystick layouts including 2 Player & Joypad Support****

- Floppy drive sounds enabled & adjusted to a "pleasent" level.

- Generated configurations can be further tweaked in Winuae, Notepad etc.


*If WinUAE Paths are set to relative mode only subdirectories will be detected
correctly. Folder detection won't work with portable mode. WinUAE location will
always be detect regardless though and again filepaths can always be customized.

** Refer to Section 3.

***Many games do not support multiple drives thus you may still need to
"swap" your images manually through the WinUAE Interface - Host > Disk Swapper.

**** To see the Joystick configurations refer to Joystick > Layout Mapping.

----------------------------------------

3. Important Notes

- Kickstart ROM, Media Images, Configuration File paths can be customized from the Edit
  menu, these will persist Winuae location re-scanning.

- The configuration files generated by this program have the advantage that they only
  include the essential system criteria thus editing is really made easy should you want
  to modify anything.
			The files are structured as follows:
							Joystick
							Graphics
							CPU/Chipset
							RAM/FPU
							CPU Speed
							MMU or JIT
					      		Kickstart
					      Optional: Floppy Drive/s
					      Optional: Hard Disk/s
					      Optional: Compact Disk

  Options not found in these configurations must be accessed within WinUAE and
  further saving of these configurations in WinUAE will overwrite the files.

- Any file you add in the Kickstart Selection dialog can be added to the configuration
  selection but will go unrecognized by SCP4WinUAE if these naming conventions are not
  followed.

  Kick[version].* or amiga-dos-<version> = 'Kickstart Loaded'
  Kickstart<space><version>[subversion] = i.e. 'Kickstart 1.3 34.5'

  Reference: <> = Forced, [] = Optional


- Certain Chipsets need a specific term in the Kickstart image filename to trigger
  the correct chipset  i.e. 64010/ECS '1.3 or 13' triggers the A500 chipset while
  '2.05' or '205' triggers the A600 chipset, otherwise the default is A500+.


- CDTV/CD32 system can be triggered on any 68k selection overwriting the chipset,
  To do this one needs Kickstart 1.3 or Kickstart 3.1 40.60 with the words 'CDTV'
  or 'CD32' added to their respective filenames. i.e Kickstart 3.1 (CDTV).rom
  One also needs the ROM extensions for each of the systems with the words,'Extended'
  or 'Extension for the filename. i.e. CD32 ROM Extension.rom
  
- If the Kickstart filename had either CDTV/CD32 it will trigger the Kickstart ROM
  Extension dialog, this can be ignored if no extension is intended for addition.
  Accidental additions are no concern if the filenames are not in line with the
  following naming convention.

- The XBR Shader included in the configurations may be a somewhat more taxing
  on resources but the trade off is worth countering the blurriness induced
  by the scaling routines.

- The naming convention of the generated configuration has the following format:
  1st disk name of each media in order HD/CD/Floppy, OCS/ECS/AGA, 68k ending two
  digits (W for Windowed/F for Fullscreen & if enabled S2X for Scale2X) & Two player
  if selected.

- When selecting multiple media images these will be sorted alphanumerically when
  going to the drives, this is usually not much of an issue but if it is either
  rename the files or open the configuration in a text editor & fix the order there,
  the latter is usually much easier for Hard disk images. 

- The compact disk button is only enabled when the AROS Kickstart or the CDTV/CD32
  Kickstart Extensions are loaded since only these enable CD drive support.

- The exclusion of the 68060 is intentional. Although I like it as any other 68k CPU
  I found no relevant enough reason to include it.

- I'm continually testing this software to make sure it's as comprehensive & bug-free
  as possible but I'm still human, if you happen to find any bugs or have suggestions
  to offer, feel free to contact me: yendor79@gmail.com
